README.md, before:

# SMEncounterRNGTool  [![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/hv29i210qixas6kw?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/wwwwwwzx/smencounterrngtool)

A tool for Pokemon Sun & Moon RNG (including ALL types of stationary and wild Pokemon). All button pressing and animation time delays were calibrated.  
Great thanks to  
**quan_dra** for original code  
**Real96** for good suggestions and testing the tool  
And ALL Pokemon RNG Researcher  

## Following Pokemon are supported:
- Catchable Legendary Pokemon in SM: Tapus, UBs, Cosmog, Solgaleo, Lunala, Zygarde
- Event Pokemon via Mystery Gift: Magearna, Munchlax, Machamp, lunar shiny Magikarp etc.
- Pokemon given by NPC: Type:Null, Porygon, Aerodactyl
- Any Wild Pokemon appear in SM
- Fossil Pokemon: Cranidos, Tirtouga, Archen, Shieldon
- Crabrawlers underneath Berry Trees
- SM Starters: _PokeCalcNTR Only (This function will not be added)_
- Pokemon Caught by fishing
- SOS: _PokeCalcNTR Only (WIP)_

## Usage
### With emtimer/EonTimer
1. Select the `Pokemon` you would like to RNG. (For Solgaleo/Lunala, you need to test the NPCs number first)
2. Find your `Seed` via the clock hands sequence on Continue Screen
3. Set up the `Filters` and click `Search`
4. Set your favorite spread as target frame, put the frame number in the second box of `Timing Range`.
5. Put your current frame into the first box of `Timing Range`. (The tool will automatically set this value when you are using the `Tool Kit` Tab)
6. Click `Calc` and get the timer setting, set the timer. 
7. Press A at the Continue Screen or press B to exit QR Scan, start the timer at the same time.
8. Start the dialogue until the [final screen](#final-screen-when-pressing-a), wait for the timer.
9. When the timer is done, click A at the same time, receive or battle with the Pokemon.
10. If the Pokemon is not the one you want, find the frame you actually hit, put it in the Time Calculator, calibrate the Pre-Timer and try again

### With PokeCalcNTR
1. Select the `Pokemon` you would like to RNG.
2. Start the game with PokeCalcNTR, click A until you get to the [final screen](#final-screen-when-pressing-a).
3. Pause at a `Safe Frame` (first only check `Safe F Only` to find safe frame zone)
4. Put your current frame number in the first box of `Frame Range` and check `Create Timeline`
5. Click `Search`, you will see the game will follow timeline the tool created.
6. Now all the frames in the timeline are without `?` marks, they're all SAFE and ACCESSIBLE!!
7. Just change the `Filters` and make another search as usual.  
    ***Warning:*** Do NOT change the `Starting Frame` of timeline when you are following it, unless you set another `Safe Frame`(before checking `Create Timeline`) of your previous timeline as the `Starting Frame`.

## Final screen when pressing A
Usually it's the last 'A' before the battle starts, or the special BLACK dialogue box. 

- Tapus: Tapus' cry screen before the battle starts
- Zygarde: "Zygarde has gone into a Poke Ball!"
- Solgaleo/Lunala: No dialogue, stand in front of it
- UBs & wild Pokemon: "Use this item" (Honey). 
- Type:Null, Porygon, Aerodactyl, Magearna, fossil Pokemon and event Pokemon: "You received xxx!"
- Crabrawler: "There was a Pokemon feeding on the Berries and it leaped out at you!"
- Starters: "Having accepted on another, you'll surely be friends for life" (select `<Fossil>`, put 5 in `# of NPCs`)
- Fishing: When you get something on your hook (Unstable)
- SOS: When you "Use" Adrenaline Orbs (Unstable)

## Marks under Blink Column
- ★: One person on the map will blink soon, a warning for nearby frames.
- ?: The spread might be affected by the history of NPC status so it's unsafe. 
- -: The safe frames can be 100% predicted.

## Useful References
- [UB Rate(%) and No NPC Spots](parameters/UB%20Rate%20and%20Spots.md) 
- [Pre-Honey Correction](parameters/Pre-Honey%20Correction.md)  
  If you would like to find the timing of entering bag, in most of the cases, adding `6 x (# of NPCs + 1)` to `Correction` works.
- [Event Pokemon Setting](parameters/Event%20Pokemon%20Setting.md) 
- [Gen VII Events Contribution Thread](https://projectpokemon.org/forums/forums/topic/39400-gen-vii-events-contribution-thread/)

Commit message:

Impl Modification mode for EonTimer Method

README.md, after:

# SMEncounterRNGTool  [![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/hv29i210qixas6kw?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/wwwwwwzx/smencounterrngtool)

A tool for Pokemon Sun & Moon RNG (including ALL types of stationary and wild Pokemon). All button pressing and animation time delays were calibrated.  
Great thanks to  
**quan_dra** for original code  
**Real96** for good suggestions and testing the tool  
And ALL Pokemon RNG Researcher  

## Following Pokemon are supported:
- Catchable Legendary Pokemon in SM: Tapus, UBs, Cosmog, Solgaleo, Lunala, Zygarde
- Event Pokemon via Mystery Gift: Magearna, Munchlax, Machamp, lunar shiny Magikarp etc.
- Pokemon given by NPC: Type:Null, Porygon, Aerodactyl
- Any Wild Pokemon appear in SM
- Fossil Pokemon: Cranidos, Tirtouga, Archen, Shieldon
- Crabrawlers underneath Berry Trees
- SM Starters: _PokeCalcNTR Only (This function will not be added)_
- Pokemon Caught by fishing
- SOS: _PokeCalcNTR Only (WIP)_

## Usage
### With emtimer/EonTimer
1. Select the `Pokemon` you would like to RNG. (For Solgaleo/Lunala, you need to test the NPCs number first)
2. Find your `Seed` via the clock hands sequence on Continue Screen
3. Set up the `Filters` and click `Search`
4. Set your favorite spread as target frame, put the frame number in the second box of `Timing Range`.
5. Put your current frame into the first box of `Timing Range`. (The tool will automatically set this value when you are using the `Tool Kit` Tab)
6. Click `Calc` and get the timer setting, set the timer. 
7. Press A at the Continue Screen or press B to exit QR Scan, start the timer at the same time.
8. Start the dialogue until the [final screen](#final-screen-when-pressing-a), wait for the timer.
9. When the timer is done, click A at the same time, receive or battle with the Pokemon.
10. If the Pokemon is not the one you want, find the frame you actually hit, put it in the Time Calculator, calibrate the Pre-Timer and try again  
    ***Tips:*** For better results, please keep `Modification` checked while searching.

### With PokeCalcNTR
1. Select the `Pokemon` you would like to RNG.
2. Start the game with PokeCalcNTR, click A until you get to the [final screen](#final-screen-when-pressing-a).
3. Pause at a `Safe Frame` (first only check `Safe F Only` to find safe frame zone)
4. Put your current frame number in the first box of `Frame Range` and check `Create Timeline`
5. Click `Search`, you will see the game will follow timeline the tool created.
6. Now all the frames in the timeline are without `?` marks, they're all SAFE and ACCESSIBLE!!
7. Just change the `Filters` and make another search as usual.  
    ***Warning:*** Do NOT change the `Starting Frame` of timeline when you are following it, unless you set another `Safe Frame`(before checking `Create Timeline`) of your previous timeline as the `Starting Frame`.

## Final screen when pressing A
Usually it's the last 'A' before the battle starts, or the special BLACK dialogue box. 

- Tapus: Tapus' cry screen before the battle starts
- Zygarde: "Zygarde has gone into a Poke Ball!"
- Solgaleo/Lunala: No dialogue, stand in front of it
- UBs & wild Pokemon: "Use this item" (Honey). 
- Type:Null, Porygon, Aerodactyl, Magearna, fossil Pokemon and event Pokemon: "You received xxx!"
- Crabrawler: "There was a Pokemon feeding on the Berries and it leaped out at you!"
- Starters: "Having accepted on another, you'll surely be friends for life" (Select `<Fossil>`, put 5 in `# of NPCs`)
- Fishing: When you get something on your hook (Unstable)
- SOS: When you "Use" Adrenaline Orbs (Unstable)

## Marks under Blink Column
- ★: One person on the map will blink soon, a warning for nearby frames.
- ?: The spread might be affected by the history of NPC status so it's unsafe. 
- -: The safe frames can be 100% predicted.

## Useful References
- [UB Rate(%) and No NPC Spots](parameters/UB%20Rate%20and%20Spots.md) 
- [Pre-Honey Correction](parameters/Pre-Honey%20Correction.md)  
  If you would like to find the timing of entering bag, in most of the cases, please add `6 x (# of NPCs + 1)` to `Correction`.
- [Event Pokemon Setting](parameters/Event%20Pokemon%20Setting.md) 
- [Gen VII Events Contribution Thread](https://projectpokemon.org/forums/forums/topic/39400-gen-vii-events-contribution-thread/)
