parameters/Pre-Honey Correction.md, before:

## Honey Animation Time 
186F = 3.1s

## Pre-Honey Correction
`Correction` for seed frame advance in this tool. There is a random numbers consumption while loading the map before the honey animation, which varies from place to place.  

### UB
| Location                             | Correction |
| :----------------------------------- | :--------: |
| Wela Volcano Park - Bottom           |     9      |
| **Diglett's Tunnel**                 |   **13**   |
| **Melemele Meadow**                  |   **5**    |
| **Verdant Cavern***                  |   **5**    |
| **Lush Jungle - South**              |   **7**    |
| Memorial Hill                        |     12     |
| Haina Desert                         |     1      |
| **Malie Garden**                     |   **26**   |
| Route 17                             |    2+12    |
| **Resolution Cave - B1F**            |   **1**    |
| **Ten Carat Hill - Farthest Hollow** |   **1**    |

### Melemele Island
| Location                               | Correction | Least NPCs # |
| :------------------------------------- | :--------: | :----------: |
| Route 1                                |     15     |    0/0/2     |
| Route 1 - Hau'oli Outskirts            |     23     |      1       |
| Route 1 - Trainer School               |     9      |      0       |
| Melemele Sea - East                    |     9      |      1       |
| Melemele Sea - West                    |     5      |      1       |
| Route 2                                |     21     |     0/1      |
| Verdant Cavern                         |   5*-10    |      0       |
| Route 3                                |     15     |     0/1      |
| Hau'oli City- Shopping District        |     27     |      0       |
| Hau'oli City- Beachfront               |     17     |      1       |
| Hau'oli Cemetery                       |     6      |      3       |
| Melemele Meadow                        |     5      |      0       |
| Seaward Cave                           |     1      |      0       |
| Kala'e bay - Walking                   |     1      |      0       |
| Kala'e bay - Surfing                   |     2      |      1       |
| Ten Carat Hill Undersea Cave - Walking |     2      |      0       |
| Ten Carat Hill Undersea Cave - Surfing |     2      |      1       |
| Ten Carat Hill - Cave                  |     2      |      0       |
| Ten Carat Hill - Farthest Hollow       |     1      |      0       |

### Akala Island
| Location                    | Correction | Least NPCs # |
| :-------------------------- | :--------: | :----------: |
| Route 4                     |     6      |      1       |
| Paniola Ranch               |     23     |      2       |
| Route 5                     |   21*-23   |     0/1      |
| Lush Jungle - South         |     7      |      0       |
| Lush Jungle - West          |     2      |      0       |
| Lush Jungle - North         |     2      |      0       |
| Lush Jungle - Cave          |     2      |      0       |
| Brooklet Hill - Walking     |    5-7     |      1       |
| Brooklet Hill - Surfing     |    6-8     |      1       |
| Brooklet Hill - Totem's Den |     3      |      1       |
| Route 6                     |     11     |     2/2      |
| Route 7 - Surfing           |     11     |      1       |
| Wela Volcano Park - Bottom  |     9      |      0       |
| Route 8 - Walking           |   15*-16   |      0       |
| Route 8 - Surfing           |   16*-17   |      3       |
| Hano Beach                  |   24*-26   |      1       |
| Diglett's Tunnel            |     13     |      0       |
| Memorial Hill               |     12     |      1       |
| Akala Outskirts             |     7      |      2       |

### Ula'ula Island
| Location                      | Correction | Least NPCs # |
| :---------------------------- | :--------: | :----------: |
| Malie City - Outer Cape       |     9      |      2       |
| Malie Garden                  |     26     |      0       |
| Route 10                      |     19     |      2       |
| Mount Hokulani                |     16     |      0       |
| Route 11                      |     10     |      0       |
| Route 12                      |     11     |     0/1      |
| Secluded Shore - Surfing      |     12     |      1       |
| Blush Mountain                |     3      |     1/1      |
| Haina Desert                  |     1      |      0       |
| Tapu Village                  |     11     |      0       |
| Route 14 - Surfing            |     12     |      1       |
| Thrifty Megamart              |     1      |      0       |
| Route 15 - Walking            |     20     |      1       |
| Route 15 - Surfing            |     21     |      1       |
| Route 16                      |     10     |      0       |
| Ula'ula Meadow                |    2+6     |      0       |
| Route 17\*\*                  |    2+12    |     0+2      |
| Mount Lanakila - Mountainside |     1      |      0       |
| Mount Lanakila - Cave         |     1      |      0       |
| Mount Lanakila - Mid-Point    |     1      |      0       |

### Poni Island
| Location                       | Correction | Least NPCs # |
| :----------------------------- | :--------: | :----------: |
| Exeggutor Island               |     3      |      0       |
| Poni Wilds - Grass             |   9*-10    |      0       |
| Poni Wilds - Surfing           |   10*-11   |      1       |
| Ancient Poni Path              |     20     |      3       |
| Vast Poni Canyon - Inside      |     6      |      1       |
| Vast Poni Canyon - Top         |     1      |      0       |
| Vast Poni Canyon - 2F          |     4      |      0       |
| Vast Poni Canyon - 3F          |     8      |      0       |
| Vast Poni Canyon - Under Tree  |     15     |      0       |
| Vast Poni Canyon - B1F Walking |     8      |      0       |
| Vast Poni Canyon - B1F Surfing |     9      |      1       |
| Poni Grove                     |     4      |      0       |
| Poni Plains                    |    5*-9    |   1/1/1/1    |
| Poni Meadow                    |    2+3     |      0       |
| Resolution Cave - 1F           |     3      |      0       |
| Resolution Cave - B1F          |     1      |      0       |
| Poni Gauntlet                  |     11     |      4       |

\* Clear all special spots  
\*\* Remain to be confirmed  
Specific spots and encounter tables please visit [here](UB%20Rate%20and%20Spots.md) for UB and [here](http://pokerng.forumcommunity.net/?t=59613020) for Wild Pokemon. Credit to Real96.

Commit message:

Fix encounter correction table
close #51

parameters/Pre-Honey Correction.md, after:

## Honey Animation Time 
186F = 3.1s

## Pre-Honey Correction
`Correction` for seed frame advance in this tool. There is a random numbers consumption while loading the map before the honey animation, which varies from place to place.  

### UB
| Location                             | Correction |
| :----------------------------------- | :--------: |
| Wela Volcano Park - Bottom           |     9      |
| **Diglett's Tunnel**                 |   **13**   |
| **Melemele Meadow**                  |   **5**    |
| **Verdant Cavern***                  |   **5**    |
| **Lush Jungle - South**              |   **7**    |
| Memorial Hill                        |     12     |
| Haina Desert                         |     1      |
| **Malie Garden**                     |   **26**   |
| Route 17\*\*                         |     10     |
| **Resolution Cave - B1F**            |   **1**    |
| **Ten Carat Hill - Farthest Hollow** |   **1**    |

Specific spots please visit [here](UB%20Rate%20and%20Spots.md) for UB and [here](http://pokerng.forumcommunity.net/?t=59613020) for Wild Pokemon. Credit to Real96.

### Melemele Island

| Location                               | Correction | Least NPCs # |
| :------------------------------------- | :--------: | :----------: |
| Route 1                                |     15     |    0/0/2     |
| Route 1 - Hau'oli Outskirts            |     23     |      1       |
| Route 1 - Trainer School               |     9      |      0       |
| Melemele Sea - East                    |     9      |      1       |
| Melemele Sea - West                    |     5      |      1       |
| Route 2                                |     21     |     0/1      |
| Verdant Cavern                         |   5*-10    |      0       |
| Route 3                                |     15     |     0/1      |
| Hau'oli City- Shopping District        |     27     |      0       |
| Hau'oli City- Beachfront               |     17     |      1       |
| Hau'oli Cemetery                       |     6      |      3       |
| Melemele Meadow                        |     5      |      0       |
| Seaward Cave                           |     1      |      0       |
| Kala'e bay - Walking                   |     1      |      0       |
| Kala'e bay - Surfing                   |     2      |      1       |
| Ten Carat Hill Undersea Cave - Walking |     2      |      0       |
| Ten Carat Hill Undersea Cave - Surfing |     2      |      1       |
| Ten Carat Hill - Cave                  |     2      |      0       |
| Ten Carat Hill - Farthest Hollow       |     1      |      0       |

### Akala Island
| Location                    | Correction | Least NPCs # |
| :-------------------------- | :--------: | :----------: |
| Route 4                     |     6      |      1       |
| Paniola Ranch               |     23     |      2       |
| Route 5                     |   21*-23   |     0/1      |
| Lush Jungle - South         |     7      |      0       |
| Lush Jungle - West          |     2      |      0       |
| Lush Jungle - North         |     2      |      0       |
| Lush Jungle - Cave          |     2      |      0       |
| Brooklet Hill - Walking     |    5/7     |      1       |
| Brooklet Hill - Surfing     |    6/8     |      1       |
| Brooklet Hill - Totem's Den |     3      |      1       |
| Route 6                     |     11     |     2/2      |
| Route 7 - Surfing           |     11     |      1       |
| Wela Volcano Park - Bottom  |     9      |      0       |
| Route 8 - Walking           |   15*-16   |      0       |
| Route 8 - Surfing           |   16*-17   |      3       |
| Hano Beach                  |   24*-26   |      1       |
| Diglett's Tunnel            |     13     |      0       |
| Memorial Hill               |     12     |      1       |
| Akala Outskirts             |     7      |      2       |

### Ula'ula Island
| Location                      | Correction | Least NPCs # |
| :---------------------------- | :--------: | :----------: |
| Malie City - Outer Cape       |     9      |  2-5\*\*\*   |
| Malie Garden                  |     26     |      0       |
| Route 10                      |     19     |      2       |
| Mount Hokulani                |     16     |      0       |
| Route 11                      |     10     |      0       |
| Route 12                      |     11     |     0/1      |
| Secluded Shore - Surfing      |     12     |      1       |
| Blush Mountain                |     3      |     1/1      |
| Haina Desert                  |     1      |      0       |
| Tapu Village                  |     11     |      0       |
| Route 14 - Surfing            |     12     |      1       |
| Thrifty Megamart              |     1      |      0       |
| Route 15 - Walking            |     20     |      1       |
| Route 15 - Surfing            |     21     |      1       |
| Route 16                      |     10     |      0       |
| Ula'ula Meadow                |    2+6     |      0       |
| Route 17\*\*                  |     10     |     0/3      |
| Mount Lanakila - Mountainside |     1      |      0       |
| Mount Lanakila - Cave         |     1      |      0       |
| Mount Lanakila - Mid-Point    |     1      |      0       |

### Poni Island
| Location                       | Correction | Least NPCs # |
| :----------------------------- | :--------: | :----------: |
| Exeggutor Island               |     3      |      0       |
| Poni Wilds - Grass             |   9*-10    |      0       |
| Poni Wilds - Surfing           |   10*-11   |      1       |
| Ancient Poni Path              |     20     |      3       |
| Vast Poni Canyon - Inside      |     6      |      1       |
| Vast Poni Canyon - Top         |     1      |      0       |
| Vast Poni Canyon - 2F          |     4      |      0       |
| Vast Poni Canyon - 3F          |     8      |      0       |
| Vast Poni Canyon - Under Tree  |     15     |      0       |
| Vast Poni Canyon - B1F Walking |     8      |      0       |
| Vast Poni Canyon - B1F Surfing |     9      |      1       |
| Poni Grove                     |     4      |      0       |
| Poni Plains                    |    5*-9    |   1/1/1/1    |
| Poni Meadow                    |    2+3     |      0       |
| Resolution Cave - 1F           |     3      |      0       |
| Resolution Cave - B1F          |     1      |      0       |
| Poni Gauntlet                  |     11     |      4       |

\* Clear all special spots  
\*\* The main rng will advance by 2 frames every 4/60sec.  
\*\*\* After defeating the cleaners, the NPC number increase.
